so this when did this prank holiday
prank things started was it four years
ago yeah he was like four years ago four
years ago he broke into my home yeah
pretty innocent you put it all started
at a Bed Bath and Beyond
everybody's are called it be cubed that
was pretty cool be cute
I had bathroom if no one will ever use
that again so last year you it got a
little bit crazy with my car yeah yeah
yeah we took it up a notch this year not
frightening I was under the impression
it was like my turn this year to do
something to you yeah this is my
greatest joy about this year's prank is
that we alternate and I robbed you of
the joy and when I did the prank to you
I remember seeing your eyes like that's
really funny I hate yeah well because I
knew you were coming I was like oh we
got to do something to John when he's
here and I was concocting hope always
say the night before I got here you were
like yeah we can't wait to get John she
was like totally and then Derek told her
about it do you want any of these other
topics yeah we definitely need to yeah
I'll just don't just wave them in and
send you your order with some topics in
it okay
secretive sabotage going on yeah that
was much more graphic than it appeared
on television so I figured oh that's
cute that was fun and I wasn't meeting
then and yet and here we go again
I'm not going in this room I don't know
what's in here it smells weird though
that they crapped all over my bathroom
yeah and that was enough that seemed
like enough right I'm you're not seem
like that band yet it turns out it
wasn't No
oh my god hahaha
fools again oh boy open me trying to
open you oh oh I see what's gonna happen
here do you happy holidays
wow so there's no car no no this was my
office alright well there we go have
yourself a merry little Christmas I
clean the horse off alright good yeah
garner breaking things sorry still fake
snow in my office so well done thank you
uh you went to great lengths but I've
never have a little something for you no
yeah I do have a little something play
let's um now look at the video screen
here and now that's me
at work and that's your head no don't do
it as you can see and I made us a sign
some signs for you oh my god and see if
you recognize that address that is your
home address John my god and what we did
is we put that on the Xerox machine
good old Xerox machine we printed out a
couple 100 copies no this yard sale sign
wait that is my real address hey that is
your real address and we posted them all
over town so those are out there now and
here are quite a few of them LaBrea Tar
Pits in case I need the tourist came by
and wanna so I don't know if you are you
it that guy pink I don't know if you
have things that you see la that you
need to sell oh my god
but
we got a lot of them out there wait a
minute
and the good news is you're gonna have
an early morning tomorrow morning oh
yeah muammar oh yeah it's so gladly show
I'll get to laugh cuz all your thinking
your eyes like this is gonna be so awful
yeah I've been in that situation other
thing for you also a one other little
surprise
egg
it
I am Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel to get
all our latest videos before they die
and go to YouTube heaven